remove big bang mode (#89)
fdelbrayelle/generator-jhipster-kafka: USE_CASES.md

- application_name: the application base name
- entity_name: the entity name (or the prefix if no entity) which is consumed

### Define your configuration Step-by-step

> This modules allows the user to write new Kafka configuration (new Java files and `application.yml` updates). And in order to achieve it, prompt options are asked step-by-step until you decide to finish your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows the user to write new Kafka configuration (new Java files and `application.yml` updates). In order to achieve it, prompt options are asked step-by-step until you decide to finish your configuration.
```

> You can choose to merge the new configuration with the previous configuration or just replace it, by selecting `"y"` or `"n"` to the question `"Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose to merge the new configuration with the previous configuration or just replace it, by typing `y` or `n` to the question "Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?".
```

### Create a consumer linked to an entity

After following the first 3 steps of the [basic usage](README.md#basic-usage) above, choose a mode and follow the steps:

1. Create a new entity if not already generated with: `jhipster entity Foo`
2. In the same folder, run `yo jhipster-kafka`

> 3. "Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?" - `'y' or 'n'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. "Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?" - Your answer or 'n' by default
```

After following the first 3 steps of the [basic usage](README.md#basic-usage) above, choose a mode and follow the steps:

1. Create a new entity if not already generated with: `jhipster entity Foo`
2. In the same folder, run `yo jhipster-kafka`

> 3. "Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?" - `'y' or 'n'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. "Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?" - Your answer or 'n' by default
```

After following the first 3 steps of the [basic usage](README.md#basic-usage) above, choose a mode and follow the steps:

1. Create a new entity if not already generated with: `jhipster entity Foo`
2. In the same folder, run `yo jhipster-kafka`

> 3. "Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?" - `'y' or 'n'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. "Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?" - Your answer or 'n' by default
```

After following the first 3 steps of the [basic usage](README.md#basic-usage) above, choose a mode and follow the steps:

1. Create a new entity if not already generated with: `jhipster entity Foo`
2. In the same folder, run `yo jhipster-kafka`

> 3. "Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?" - `'y' or 'n'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. "Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?" - Your answer or 'n' by default
```
